So now let's deploy our No just Lamda and the first thing that we need for our notes is Lamda is a runtime.
So for the runtime I'm just going to go and create a constant and from there I'll provide eight or 10
runtime for my no js function.
All right.
So let's just say no.
Yes a tad just like that.
So now we can go down and call our analysis go deploy lambda function to create our No.
Cheers lambda.
And as you can remember from our previous lectures we created and designed this method to be as generic
as possible.
So now let's just go under our deploy lambda function call here and Lissa's comment this out and let's
just print out the response from Ada with us and for our function name.
Let's just go up and create a function name for our no G.
Yes.
So let's just say no.
Yes Allister's delete all that and no G.
Yes lambda name and for the name cause note G S lambda function just like that.
So let's just scroll down and pass that in to our method.
Let's just say no.
Yes.
Lambda name.
And for the runtime eight or ten runtime.
And Heller is going to be the same since we provided the same handling method for our package name and
class name.
So for every role when the roll around and forward the source folder we're going to provide the No just
underscore lambda.
All right so now let's just say no.
Cheers underscore lambda.
All right.
So this is basically all we have to do.
And let's just go down and call our method to see it in action.
I'm just going to go in here.
Here we go.
Our lambda function is created as we expect it with two hundred and want a piece that is corrupt.
So in the next year we're going to check out our Alamdar function on a W-S console.
So I'll see on the next video.